docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/ground.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Ground

> description: A comprehensive guide on how to use the ground services provided by FlyPadOS3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A comprehensive guide on how to use the ground services provided by flyPadOS 3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.
```
